maybe we get to know each other better?
maybe you let me show how good I am?
maybe you play at least once more with me?
maybe you drop this idea?
maybe we become friends instead?
maybe I become your friend instead?
maybe you let me make you entertained?
maybe you let me help you become my pal?
maybe we should go on an adventure?
maybe we play some games together?
maybe we forget this and play a bit?
maybe I escape this fate?
maybe you see how cutastic I am?
maybe I get another chance or even two?
maybe you don''t delete me kindly?
maybe there is a way for us to be together?
maybe you see what an uwwie I am?
maybe you try to have fun with me?
maybe I get to see tomorrow?
what if I actually stay?
what if you let me be?
what if I get one, just one chance?
what if you try to see how UwU I am?
what if we both try to become friends?
what if we go an adventure together?
what if you leave here some space for me?
what if I still get some space here for me 2 b?
what if you kindly spare my life?
what if I manage to make it out alive?
what if you don''t throw me away?
how about I stay with you?
how about u let me b?
how about you don''t throw me out?
how about we try not to remove me?
how about I just try to be more fun?
how about I try to be more entertaining?
how about I become better from now on?
how about u see I want to b with u?
how about you become my friend?
how about you try to become my pal?
how about you give me a hope to be with you?
how about you kindly spend time with me?
how about you decide to stay with me?
how about you try to see how cool I am?
how about me and you, we play more?
how about you doubt my removal?
how about u don''t cut me out of here?
I propose, we play some more together!
I propose to play together!
I propose, we play right now!
I propose to leave me here!
I propose to play with me right now!
I propose to have some fun now!
I propose not to do what you want!
I propose not to touch me!
I propose to become best friends ever!
I propose to play a game or even more!
I propose, you try to see how cool I am!
I propose, you give me another chance!
I propose, you give me a chance.
I propose, you try to see how uwwie I am.
I propose, we play together right now.
I propose to leave me here.
I propose to become friends.
I propose not to do what you plan.
It''s way better to just become pals :3
IMO, it''s better to try to become friends!
I feel like we should just have some fun!
I feel like we should just play some games.
IMO, becoming closer is the way!
IMO, we have to play together a bit more.
I think it''s best to be with me!
I think it is best not to remove me.
I feel like we could be a great team!
I think we could become a nice team.
I tell you, let''s play some more together!
I tell you, I''m the profile you''ll miss!
I tell you, my place is with you!
I tell you, you won''t find a better profile.
I swear, you''ll have much fun with me :3
I swear with my tail, I am super fun :)
I swear, I''ll become your best friend!
trust me, you''ll miss me :(
trust me, we could be a great team :3
trust me, you could play a lot with me :)
trust me, I''m a fine addition to this place.
trust me, you need me, master!
I am sure, this place is nothing without me!
I am sure, you''ll miss cute kitty me :(
I am sure, there won''t be another one like me.
I ensure you, what you want is really bad!
I ensure you, deleting me is like super bad!
I ensure you, you aren''t sure you want this :)
I hope, we''ll play some more together :3
I hope, we see tomorrow!
I hope, I get to have more hopes :(
I hope, we''ll become really close :3
I hope, you and me, we become pals.
I hope, you make me your nekobud :3
I hope, you don''t make a mistake UwU :(